Table Phase 2 Additions (#2509)
adobe/spectrum-web-components: packages/table/README.md

### `selects="multiple"`

> When `selects="multiple"` the `<sp-table>` will manage a selection in the array value of `selected` in via a presence toggle. Further, an `<sp-table-checkbox-cell>` will be made available in the `<sp-table-head>` in order to select/deselect all items in the `<sp-table>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `selects="multiple"`, the `<sp-table>` will manage a selection in the array value of `selected` via a presence toggle. Additionally, an `<sp-table-checkbox-cell>` will be made available in the `<sp-table-head>` in order to select/deselect all items in the `<sp-table>`.
```

The first sentence of this statement is a little bit confusing. What does "via a presence toggle" mean?

Please note that there is a bug when attempting to select all virtualised elements. The items are selected programatically, it's just not reflected visually.

### Selection

> When making a selection on a virtualized table, it can sometimes be useful to track that selection as something other than an array of indexes. To make this possible the `itemValue` property will accept a method who argument is an item object, return a computed string value to track selection with this value rather than the item's index:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When making a selection on a virtualized table, it can sometimes be useful to track that selection as something other than an array of indexes. To make this possible, the `itemValue` property accepts a method whose argument is an`Item` object. It then returns a computed string value to track selection with this value instead of the item's index:
```

I think this wording is clearer. Not sure about the change from item to `Item`, but I wanted to check if that's what you meant. In that case, this styling provides more clarity for me.

            items.push({
                id: crypto.randomUUID(),
                name: String(total - count),
                date: count,
            });
        }
        return items;
    }

    const initTable = () => {
        const table = document.querySelector('#table-item-value-demo');
        table.items = initItems(50);
        table.itemValue = (item) => item.id;

        table.renderItem = (item, index) => { 
            const cell1 = document.createElement('sp-table-cell');
            const cell2 = document.createElement('sp-table-cell');
            const cell3 = document.createElement('sp-table-cell');
            cell1.textContent = `Row Item Alpha ${item.name}`;
            cell2.textContent = `Row Item Alpha ${index}`;
            cell3.textContent = `Last Thing`;
            return [cell1, cell2, cell3];
        };

        table.addEventListener('change', (event) => {
            const selected = event.target.nextElementSibling;
            selected.textContent = `Selected: ${JSON.stringify(event.target.selected, null, ' ')}`;
        });
    };
    customElements.whenDefined('sp-table').then(() => {
        initTable();
    });
</script>

### Row Types

> All values in the item array are assumed to be homogenous by default. This means all of the rendered rows are either delivered as provided, or, in the case you are leveraging `selects`, rendered with an `<sp-table-checkbox-cell>`. However, when virtualizing a table with selection it can sometimes be useful to surface rows with additional interactions, e.g. "Load more data" links. To support that you can optionally include the `_$rowType$` brand in your item. The values for this are outlined by the `RowType` enum and include `ITEM` (0) and `INFORMATION` (1). When `_$rowType$: RowType.INFORMATION` is provided it informs the `<sp-table>` element not to deliver an `<sp-table-checkbox-cell>` with that row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All values in the item array are assumed to be homogenous by default. This means all of the rendered rows are either delivered as provided, or, in the case you are leveraging `selects`, rendered with an `<sp-table-checkbox-cell>`. However, when virtualizing a table with selection, it can sometimes be useful to surface rows with additional interactions, e.g. "Load more data" links. To support that, you can optionally include the `_$rowType$` brand in your item. The values for this are outlined by the `RowType` enum and include `ITEM` (0) and `INFORMATION` (1). When `_$rowType$: RowType.INFORMATION` is provided, it informs the `<sp-table>` element that it should not deliver an `<sp-table-checkbox-cell>` in that row.
```

Suggestions for clarity
